# Briefs
Over here, I put together project briefs and their functional requirements, features and descriptive user experiences required.

How interesting, a man is born, learns and becomes an individual with experiences. We craft ambitions, associate with hopes, and take audacious steps towards defining our individuality. Some would like to change the world, others would like to play the world. Some came to conquer, others came to be conqueured. Some came to milk, others came to add. It's all interesting. Looking at the fact that for many, it's much easier to live a life you don't like than to go through the hustle of crafting ambitions and going for me them. Some get lucky. Others, not so lucky. But some have proved that no matter what your circumstances are, no matter where you are from, no matter your environment, no matter your industry, you can standout. You can make it beyond measure! That is what makes it exciting, and even more interesting to risk it all. Because, after all, if you are not risking it you have nothing to lose. But when you risk it you have all to gain, if you don't lose nothing, or anything. More so interesting, being ambitious and being mediocre requires same work. It's the same energy, as already posited, that energy can neither be created nor destroyed. You can transfer your mediocre thoughts to ambitious thoughts and you won't require no more energy/work than you have now. It's a matter of where you decide to concentrate your energies. It's a matter of choice. Choose consciously, and you will choose wisely. 

# The Business of Risks and Opportunities
